Thank you, host.
So just now the host mentioned commercial information in ranking auctions, as well as false, misleading, useless, boring or even poisonous information.
Just like you, I am perplexed in the face of these information every day.
And I want to share with you some of my personal experiences.
First of all, I would like to ask everyone, do you want to know what President Obama and President Hu Jintao discussed when they met in South Korea in the past few days?
I mean the video, not the news reports.
Do you want to know what government dignitaries Hillary, the US Secretary of State, was meeting with?
What did she say about China to her partners?
Do you want to know how the US Congressmen and Congresswomen squabbled over the strategies towards Asia and China to a boiling point?
Do you want to know what the moguls in your fields of business are talking about?
When I am commuting or working out in the gym, I would take whatever time I have to track these information instead of listening to music.
The information are not obtained through secret channels.
They are free and available to the public on the Internet.
You can find them as long as you are willing to.
And I also broadened my horizons through this long tracking process, which allows me, in my own words, to live a life knowing everything that I need to know .
I believe that everyone here may also be interested in doing so.
You can try to use these online resources like me.
Next, I am going to tell you a story in which I helped one of my clients, a Hong Kong operator, to bid in a radio spectrum auction a few years ago.
Here I'd like to give you some information about the context.
In China, the domestic mobile network operators, like China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicorn, must obtain government-issued licenses before they go into 2G or 3G mobile network business.
In China, the licenses are directly allocated to operators.
But in many developed countries, they should be obtained in a commercial way, like auctions.
It's the same case with Hong Kong.
The schedule was tight when I accepted the task, and the information I had was less than adequate.
So I plunged into the Internet seeking for useful information like I always did.
Finally, I found the official website of Office of the Communications Authority of Hong Kong.
It's this one.
In one corner of that website, I found all the public information about the spectrum auction, including its plan, procedure and even progress, as well as its earlier hearings.
Then I read those files and got a whole picture of the auction.
You see, with all these true and useful information, how hard can it be for me to work out a plan for my client?
My next story is about smart grid.
Smart grid is very popular, particularly in recent years.
If you haven't heard about it, search online.
But today I'm not going to talk about smart grids.
I want to show you how I quickly built a knowledge system about it.
When you browse online the news about the sector of smart grid, you may find them contradictory and confusing.
But we, as an IT company, cannot plan our business based on these information.
We must know what's really going on with the sector of smart grid.
What is the truth about smart grid?
So I went online in order to gather information as fast as I can.
Later I found that, the National Institute of Standards and Technology of the United States, NIST, had been commissioned by the U.S. Department of Energy to conduct a systematic study of smart grid.
And they disclosed all the information about the study and the organizations involved on the Internet.
These information included the blueprints, work plans, serial meeting schedules, meeting minutes, and roadmaps relating to smart grid.
Having gathered these information, I joined in the discussions and I quickly built up a systematic knowledge map which incorporates at least the core information of smart grid.
The other day I ran into one of our industry executives in China, and I asked him, "Have we been involved in similar discussions?"
He said: "No, we will send a delegation to the meetings of the International Standards Organization to acquire related knowledge."
Here I would like to remind you that what the ISO did for this matter was only voting.
The real technical work was done in institutions like NIST.
How do we vote since we did not involve in any of the initial discussions?
I think this is what many of our peers in the industry should reflect on.
In particular, I would like to say to our so-called government think tanks: Have you ever spent time using these good and direct information resources to effectively advise our decision makers?
As the saying goes: "Listen to both sides and you will be enlightened, heed only one side and you will be benighted".
These examples I have shared with you today are intended to tell you that in the face of information as vast as the open sea, I am very confident, to say the least.
I dare to use them without being overwhelmed by their multitude.
This is my attitude towards exploring the truth about information.
As long as you have the mindset like mine, all you need to do is to put it into practice.
So how do you start?
When you're searching online, you can open a few more pages and links.
I believe by doing that, you will be one or more steps closer to the truth.
This has nothing to do with whether or not you know information technology, and it's more irrelevant whether you are an expert.
IT industry has been known for extremely frequent updates.
New concepts, terms, technologies, models, and waves spring up on daily basis.
It's hard to catch up with them.
Nonetheless, I still dare to ride the waves at my age, and I feel very confident to do it.
I think if I can do it, so can you.
Thank you!
