Thank you host. So just now the host mentioned commercial information and ranking options as well as false, misleading, useless, boring or even poisonous information.
Just like you. I am perplexed.
In the face of these information every day.
Uh huh.
And I want to share with you some of my personal experiences. First of all, I would like to ask everyone Do you want to know what President Obama and president holds into discussed when they met in South Korea in the past few days?
I'm in the video.
Not the news reports.
Do you want to know what government dignitaries Hillary, The U. S secretary of state was meeting with
What did you say about China to her partners?
You want to know how the U. S congressman and Congresswoman squabbled over our the strategic
Towards Asia in China to a boiling point.
But I'm commuting are working out in the gym. I would take whatever time I have to attract these information and sort of listening to music.
The information are not obtained through secret channels. They are free and available to the public on the Internet.
You can find
And I also broadened my horizons through this long tracking process.
Which allows me in my words to live a life knowing everything that I need to know.
I believe that everyone here may also be interested in doing so.
You can try to use these online resources like me.
Next time going to tell you a story in which I helped one of my clients Hong Kong operator to bid in a radio spectrum auction a few years ago
Here. I'd like to give you some information about the context.
In China, the domestic mobile network operators like China Mobile, China Telecom, China Unicorn must stop pain government to shoot licenses before they go to duty or treaty mobile Network business.
In China. The licenses are
Directly allocated to operators.
In many developed countries, they should be obtained in a commercial way like auctions.
It's the same case with Hong Kong.
The schedule was tied when I accepted the task and the information I had was less inadequate.
Swipe plunged into the Internet seeking for useful information like I always did.
Finally, I found the official website of Office of the Communications Authority of Hong Kong.
Uh huh.
It's this one.
In one corner of that website, I found all the public information about the spectrum auction, including its plan, procedure and even progress.
As well as its earlier hearings.
Then I read those files and got a whole picture of the auction.
You see, with all these true and useful information? How hard can it be for me to work out a plan for my client?
My next story is about smart grid.
Smart grid is very popular, particularly in recent years.
If you haven't heard him about it, so it's online.
But today I'm not going to talk about smart grids.
I want to show you
How quickly I built and knowledge system about it.
When you browse online, the news about sector of smart grid, you may find them contradictory and confusing. But we as an I T company cannot plan our business based on this information.
We must know what's really going on with the sector of smart grid.
What is the truth about smart grid?
So I went online in order to gather information as fast as I can.
Literally found that the National Institute of Standards and Technology of the United States and I S T had been commissioned by the U. S. Department of Energy to conduct a systematic study of smart grid.
And they disclosed all the information about the study and the organizations in all on the Internet.
Mhm.
This information included the blueprints, work plants, serial meeting schedules, minutes of meeting and wrote my absolute into Smart grade.
Having other this
Knowledge map, which incorporates at least the core information of smart grid.
The other day, I ran into one of these industry executives in China and I asked him, have you been involved in similar discussions?
He said, No. We will send a delegation to the meetings of the International Standards Organization to acquire related knowledge.
Here. I would like to
The real technical work was done and institutions like an I s t. How do we vote since we did not involved in any kind of initial discussions?
I think this is what many of our peers in the industry should reflect on.
In particular, I would like to say to our so called government think tanks. Have you ever spent time using this good and direct information resources to effectively advice?
Our decision maker.
As the saying goes.
Listen to both sides and you will be enlightened. He'd only one side and you will be united.
These examples I have shared with you today are intended to tell you that in the face of information as fast as the open C I'm very confident to say the least.
I dare to use them without
As long as you have the mindset like mine. All you need to do is put it into practice. So how do you start?
When you're searching online, you can open a few pages and links. I believe by doing that you will be one or more steps closer to the truth.
This has nothing to do with whether or
And it's more irrelevant. Whether you're an expert
ICT industry has been known for extremely frequent updates.
New concepts, storms, technologies, models and waves spring up on a daily basis, It's hard to catch up with them.
Nonetheless has still there to ride the waves at my age, and I feel very confident to do it.
I think if I can do it, so can you.
Thank you.

